Over the next few months Matt,
Luis and I will be your primary instructors.
There will also, occasionally,
be some other experts who come in to teach topics that they specialize in.
A little bit about me.
I've been a teacher for a while,
having started teaching programming when I was
completing my Masters in Electrical Engineering at Stanford.
I focused on learning about medical systems and first
got into deep learning as a tool for medical diagnostics.
I'm happiest when I'm creating and learning,
and so I'm also very into deep learning as it's used in artistic applications
like learning to imitate the style of an artist
or to generate new kinds of images entirely.
I'm a former physicist,
former neuroscientist and a current huge fan of all things data.
I've been working with Python and data in general for the past nine years.
During my PhD work,
I used machine learning models to classify electrical signals from neurons.
I have also created a few Python data science libraries,
a Bayesian data analysis package called Sample,
and SQL, SQL for data analysts.
I'm fascinated by deep learning because automation is the future,
and deep learning is the future of automation.
I'm a pure mathematician and a former Google engineer.
During my PhD, I worked an algebraic combinatorics,
a field in which theoretical mathematics and applied probability meet.
I then spent some years in academia working on research and teaching at university.
This is where I fell in love with machine learning and I
decided to switch to Google where I worked in
the team that uses machine learning algorithms to generate YouTube video recommendations.
I, too, find deep learning fascinating as it combines
theoretical beauty with powerful applications